README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

About
GoCart is a free and open-source multi-vendor e-commerce template built with Next.js and Tailwind CSS. It features a modern design, responsive layout and essential pages to help you launch scalable online stores and marketplaces with ease.

## Getting Started

First, install the dependencies:

```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
# or
pnpm install
# or
bun install
```

Then, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Enhance README with features and tech stack
Added features and tech stack information to README.

README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

About
GoCart is a free and open-source multi-vendor e-commerce template built with Next.js and Tailwind CSS. It features a modern design, responsive layout and essential pages to help you launch scalable online stores and marketplaces with ease.

Features
Multi-Vendor Architecture: Allows multiple vendors to register, manage their own products, and sell on a single platform.
Customer-Facing Storefront: A beautiful and responsive user interface for customers to browse and purchase products.
Vendor Dashboards: Dedicated dashboards for vendors to manage products, view sales analytics, and track orders.
Admin Panel: A comprehensive dashboard for platform administrators to oversee vendors, products, and commissions.

🛠️ Tech Stack
Framework: Next.js
Styling: Tailwind CSS
UI Components: Lucide React for icons
State Management: Redux Toolkit

## Getting Started

First, install the dependencies:

```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
# or
pnpm install
# or
bun install
```

Then, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.
